# Easy-Life-Service
“Easy Life Service” is a friendly project to help students immediately while facing problems. Basic errand of students is to fulfil their daily stationary needs. Being an engineering student, we need perfect products for specific jobs, like best of A4 papers for writings, drawing sheets for CAD sessional, ruling and scaling material of Civil surveys etc. Beside the academic necessities, we also need some other grocery products. Our university holds many cultural occasions like Pohela Baishakh, University Day, National Holidays. To organize these function we are in need of good caretaring materials. The aim of our project is to provide these products to our fellow brothers in a very reasonable price within short period of time. Food is a part and parcel of our life. It is said that a hungry man as an angry man. We spend most of our time in the university. So providing students the healthy and tasty food is the most prior criteria. By this project we will try to ensure best food delivery in every daily and occasional basis. Accidents are always unwanted but irony fact that we still cannot avoid them. However, we are social beings, it is our responsibility to help our friends and neighbor in their bad times. By a short observation, we have found the most difficult time in managing blood donors in emergency times. Many of our students donate blood. By this project we will try to give a handful information of our blood donor brothers who are willing to help us, to give effort in saving life. Beside, by this project we will provide many doctors information so that in times of emergency, students can choose go to their required doctor lessening panic and more steadily. Not only local, but students from far distance also studies in our university. Some of them have friends here from before. But there are also new comers who barely knows the place. By this project we have an intention to provide them exact and right information of places. So that in case of any emergency he/she does not have to panic and have a feeling of helping hand backup.
